What if the demands of the state conflict with the commands of Jesus?
There's a Bible principle for that.
Are you thinking of what it says at Acts chapter 5 verses 28 and 29
that we must obey God as ruler rather than men?
This is not disregard for the state, but rather reverence for God.
If the state demands that we do what God forbids or refrain from doing
what God commands, then we believe God would consider that an invalid request.
Now, one might say,
I can imagine some situations where that viewpoint could get you into trouble.
Jesus foretold as much at Matthew chapter 24 verse 9,
where he said,
you will be hated by all the nations on account of my name.
More specifically at Revelation chapter 2 and verse 10,
Jesus said that some of his disciples would be thrown into prison.
Not all of us, but some.
So we're not disappointed if we don't get thrown into prison,
but neither are we discouraged if we do.